Localization, dark mode, custom fonts (#297)
adaptyteam/adapty-docs: src/content/docs/version-3.0/add-paywall-locale-in-adapty-paywall-builder.mdx

---
title: "Add locale in Flow Builder"
description: "Add localized content in Adapty's Flow Builder to reach users worldwide in their language."
metadataTitle: "Add Locale in Flow Builder | Adapty Docs"
---

> Localizing your flows makes them available in multiple languages. In the Flow Builder, localization is organized by screen — each screen shows a completion percentage so you can track progress per screen.

Reviewer: The word screen is repeated three times in the second sentence

```suggestion
Localizing your flows makes them available in multiple languages. In the Flow Builder, localization is organized by screen. Each shows a completion percentage so you can track that particular screen's progress.
```
